Bugs should be reported to the GNOME bug tracking system under the product
gnome-utils. It is available at http://bugzilla.gnome.org.
                                                                                                                                                             
In the report please include the following information -
                                                                                                                                                             
        Operating system and version
        For Linux, version of the C library
        How to reproduce the bug if possible
        If the bug was a crash, include the exact text that was printed out
        A stacktrace where possible [see below]
                                                                                                                                                             
How to get a stack trace -
                                                                                                                                                             
If the crash is reproducible, it is possible to get a stack trace and
attach it to the bug report. The following steps are used to obtain a
stack trace -
                                                                                                                                                             
        Run the program in gdb [the GNU debugger] or any other debugger
                ie. gdb gnome-dictionary
        Start the program
                ie. (gdb) run
        Reproduce the crash and the program will exit to the gdb prompt
        Get the back trace
                ie. (gdb) bt
                                                                                                                                                             
Once you have the backtrace, copy and paste this either into the
'Comments' field or attach a file with it included.
                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                             
Patches -
                                                                                                                                                             
Patches should be submitted to bugzilla.gnome.org or emailed to one of
the people listed in the MAINTAINERS file. If using bugzilla, attach
the patch to a new bug report [or preferably, check to see if there is
already a bug report that corresponds to your patch]. Bug reports
containing patches should include the 'PATCH' keyword.
                                                                                                                                                             
Patches should be created using the unified diff form.
        ie. cvs diff -u file-to-be-patched.c > patch.diff
