
Enhancements
------------

Create feature to (auto-)prune old entries from the log.

Main window should show not just 'today' and 'ever', but also,
'week', 'month'.

create invoice for work by day/by week/by month, etc.
create a 'filter' for showing a journal only between certain dates ..

Create a gtt panel applet for switching projects fast.

Documentation has to be updated/finished.

Optionally allow more then one running project.

Support SQL database for multi-user support; should be easier now,
just mimic the xml file format layout...

Create bonobo component to allow tasks to be put into calendar (e.g.
evolution calender).

New, experiemntal GUI:  (I'm not sure this is a good diea, 
but it may be an interesting way of interacting with the system:)
create a window showing a set of predefined activities:
'read email', 'phone', 'meeting', 'code', 'debug', 'support'
etc.  (user can add new activities).  clicking on an activity
creates a new task with that activity as the memo.

Feature request: is it possible to make gtt change the project depending 
on which window has the focus ? Like if i I am in evolution I'd like 
to mark that time as email, if I am in emacs to "hacking" etc.

Support URL format for the data file: e.g.  postgres://some.host.com/some_db
for sql access.  Have the config file remember the last-accessed URL.


Later:
~~~~~~
Networked version (Server on one machine -- all others are network clients).
Security (but read-only for some users). Viewable / editable on multiple
machines at the same time.

This shouldn't be too hard, since (1) gtt already uses xml, can be shipped 
over the net (2) gtt already has an html viewer.


Bugs -- High Priority
---------------------
implement 'print' journal for html window ...

support for 'minimum billing blocks' is everywhere, exept in the actual invoice
report. Add it there.

fix annoying cursor shape when dragging projects around

drag-n-drop ir crippled under the sawmill window manager .. not just for
gtt, but for *all* apps that allow dragging within ctree.  Sigh.

export is broken with new heirarchy. Should probably be 
reworked to use ghtml infrastructure, and output to file, 
instead of html viewer.  That way user gets total flexibility 
over export formats.

Bugs -- Low Priority
--------------------

During read of data,  don't destroy old project list until we are sure 
that read of new project list succeeded.

auto-save every xxx minutes

grep for xxx fixme hack alert for additional todo items ... 

implement tooltips when there is a hover over url link

add dialogs for suggested auto-merge intervals when the default values 
are too small (should be 60/300/300, not 3/60/60)

build fancier reports/journals, including 
-- fancier, nicer layout for invoice 
   (including configurable values for printed enums)
-- handle embedded gif/png/jpg

the log file should be gziped on write.

should use local currencies in invoice reports

need to add task states 'already been invoiced' and 'paid', 
these states needed for auto-invoice generation ...
