
JUST PLAIN BUGS

Resizing only works when enlarging the size of the window from its
default value.  When shrinking the window, stuff on the RHS gets
squeezed out of the window.  This is driving me nuts.  It's got to be
something simple, but I can't see what it is.  Also, there seems to be
a race condition such that the chart doesn't get redrawn for a few
seconds after making a sudden, large increase in the size of the window.

When a menu is included, it gets laid over the top of the chart
window.  It would be better to pack it into the enclosing window so
that ploted values don't get hidden beneith the menu bar.  This,
unfortunately, would leave a large blank area exposed when the menu bar
is torn off.  I see no good solution to this quandry.

The help browser doesn't jump to the name tags listed in the
topics.dat file.  Instead, the help file always loads the help page
starting at the top of the file.  As far as I can tell, this doesn't
work for any other apps either, so I'll assume that the problem lies
outside of gstripchart.


GNOME-SPECIFIC ITEMS

Add session management code.  This will require support for a
--geometry option.


CONFIGURATION-SPECIFIC ITEMS

Use notebook pages for configuration.  Have a right-click pop up a
configuration notebook.  This should probably be written using one of
the GUI config tools, such as Linuxconf or COAS.


APPLICATION-SPECIFIC ITEMS

Add a low-pass filter to the position of the slider arrows, so that
they don't jump around so erratically.  Maybe do the same for the
chart window.

Add an option to allow the slider window to be placed on the LHS
instead of the RHS of the frame.

Add support for named parameters using the Gtop library.  This will be
easier to configure and more portable than reading directly from /proc.

Add a way to read parameter values from a pipe, such as stdin.  This
will allow the output of programs to be plotted.

Add an auto-ranging capability, for things like load which don't have
any well defined upper bound.  Perhaps better yet: add named functions
to the eval code.  This would permit plotting something like
log(load).  Perhaps this should be worked in elsewhere, so that value
displays could be kept in sync.

Add an option to include legends along the sides of the display.  The
vertical legend could include the name and last value of each
parameter.  This could get crowded in a hurry.

Allow a few global setup parameters to be defined in the configuration
file.  The polling interval, background color, and geometry parameters
come to mind, but there are probably others as well.

Don't draw a line if there's no value available.  For example, it
should be possible to distinguish between a 'net connection down'
condition and a 'no net traffic' condition.  This will require some
type of conditional test in the config setup.

Catch a SIGHUP and re-read the config file.  This would be handier
than stopping and restarting on each change to the configuration file.

Allow fields to be split on delimtiers other than whitespace.

Use regular expressions instead of strstr for field matching and
strtok for splitting?  This would be more versatile, but would also
make the code dependent on some regex package.  I'll probably wait
until the existing scheme proves itself inadequate.

Grep for FIX THIS.  Fix that.  Remember the .html as well.

